huge red monsters stay at home
close all the windows and doors
the blair of a loudspeaker chimes
through the area
you jump out of bed confused the alarm
call continues
keep indoors huge red monsters
you run out to the balcony and look down
police cars ambulances
and even fire trucks with roaring sirens
swerve down the road
people run along the sidewalk shouting
ants
ants those tiny insects the average ant
is less than one inch in size
but what is happening in the city
suddenly
she appears at the end of the block a
huge red ant
the size of a human she's confidently
walking along the sidewalk
swinging her long antenna from side to
side
searching for prey opening and closing
her mandibles like a trap
she draws closer and closer to your
house
she lifts up her head and spots you the
next moment the monster jumps onto the
wall and starts to crawl towards you
thanks to their hook claws ants can
actually climb vertical surfaces
oh no you slam the balcony door and hide
behind the sofa
where you find the tv remote you turn on
the news
a reporter in a panic is standing in the
main square
looking around a huge red ant is
walking along the road and dragging a
tree
the roots of the tree are trailing
across the ground
an eyewitness tells his story um i was
in the store looking for my favorite
cookies
all of a sudden two monsters appeared
from behind the counter
they grabbed packages of cookies opened
them and swallowed them all
it was terrible wow they ate all my
cookies because
ants have two stomachs you know while
one is digesting food
the other stores food for herself and
her relatives
they talk to each other with their
antenna boy
i didn't understand anything because
i've never studied the ant language
um it wasn't in google translate either
the tv shows scenes from different parts
of the city
giant ants are everywhere they move in
columns of several individuals
some climb onto buildings people look
out their windows and close the curtains
in a panic
ants pull up trees and poles and carry
them in an
unknown direction the ants rush along
the road overtaking the cars
a man-sized ant can reach a speed of 34
miles per hour
several car ant accidents have already
been reported
the city is in chaos people are hiding
in their homes
and the ants keep coming one enters a
shopping center and without stopping
she passes by the clothing departments
she's not interested in the latest
trends
she goes to the sports nutrition section
she sweeps all the protein packs into
the basket and runs away
the ants gather in the main square they
drag everything they can lift
cars poles trees signs traffic lights
and put them in one place this pile of
object forms a hill on which a throne is
installed
one of the ants brought her from the
local art museum
and now surrounded by guard ants she
appears in the square the queen of ants
she slowly moves to the throne and sits
how did all of this happen it started
with an ordinary ant hill in the middle
of the forest
two worker ants search for food nearby
hey
felix we gotta find something delicious
otherwise the queen will you know kick
us out
ask it look what is it
some kind of multicolored package it
says
protein yeah i don't know what it is but
hey
it's gotta be delicious the ants grab
the pack
load it onto their shoulders and head
down the path towards the house
ants can lift a weight several hundred
times heavier than their own
at the entrance of the ant hill they're
greeted by guard ants
inside each ant hill is a massive
labyrinth with many different rooms
closer to the anthill surface there is a
solarium
where ants warm themselves when cold
there is a recreation area where ants
sleep for 15 minutes to recharge
but our heroes are heading to the food
storage area
they unpack the bag and taste the new
food
it's delicious they take the delicacy to
the queen
the protein composition did its work the
ants started to grow up
and within a few days reached the size
of a human
meanwhile it's getting dark everything
seems to be quiet
the most daring go outside quietly
making their way to the nearest shops to
buy food
carrying a bat and insect repellent you
head to the nearest store
suddenly two ants appear you unscrew the
insect repellent
and spray it around the ants wiggle
their antennae
catch an unpleasant scent and flee the
city administration has convened an
emergency meeting
surveillance cameras have recorded that
the ants arrive from the east
throw drivers out of their cars and
drive to the city
violating all traffic rules a group of
ants
runs across the field until a river
appears
they form a living bridge to cross
ants appear on public transport subways
cafes
and even bars a group of ants occupies
the gym
they run on treadmills and lift weights
the mayor makes a report
we must fight these monsters we need an
and control team and
active measures you join this team
ants are afraid of birds so the team
decides to make an
aerial attack the next day helicopters
arrive
they take turns buzzing the main square
terrifying the ants
several brave ants make a group and
splash acid
which serves as protection from the
predators
the helicopters fly away the queen waves
a white flag
the ant control group and the country's
best myrmicologists
are sent to negotiate murmicology is the
science of ants
they arrive at the main square wearing
bulletproof vests
wrapped in a mosquito net using a
special vibration reader
scientists can translate ant speech the
queen
takes the microphone we have been
working
all our lives enough
we are tired our civilization has
reached its
maximum size the total biomass of
ants and human beings is the same
just imagine if we reveal the secret of
our growth
to other colonies we will take over the
world
our brain is made up of 250 000 cells
we are smart enough to rule everything
we'll start with your city
during the negotiations you break into
the ant store
you find all the protein the ants have
collected the source of their growth and
strength
you return to the head of the team and
whisper something to them
when night falls a steamroller set off
from the headquarters of the ant control
group
it approaches the protein store and
guards
try to stop it unsuccessfully
the asphalt roller bursts forward and
rolls over the raider supplies
all the ants wake up from the noise
their protein has been destroyed
they start to shrink smaller and smaller
until they reach their usual size some
of them manage to escape
but others are caught by people and now
live in lovely
ant farms at home